- 👋 Hi, I’m Benny Trickum, Cheif Excecutive Officer of Trickum Enterprises LLC 
- 👀 We at Trickum Enterprises are interested and absolutely committed too making a lasting mark on the world.
- 🌱 I’m a Entrepreneur of the highest standard.  I let nothing stand in my way or hold be back.  Lack of information is only a set back in achieving a deadline, never a road block or even worth stumbling over.  Information is just a button away so get that shit, get all you can get!
- 💞️ I’m mostly here for documentation and exposure.  There isn't anything I've ever set my mind to that I haven't achieved or been successful at, (as long as my mind and heart were united in preservering).  In the short term losses are permanent and binding to our future.  A loss is forever like you lost some one to death. Its a defining word and in the short term, traps us into believing something that is not true.  In these terms fate and failure in life are defined and what we make of it between these experiences and the coming of our expireing are the moments that define us.  A situation out of our control makes us steadfast when seen through and more firm with intensity.  When there are other intertwined with purpose to discover it creates a variable with indifference and make fate and failure more dificult to determine.  Yet builds communication and trust, and care for each other.  Though failure lurks at its edges for many.  Failure is never absolute or deserves to be feared, never should be accepted. Only Fate is binding and absolute but its variables are never known.  This leaves all things possible for all that commit which is the pinacle dogma of all of our success. Fate then becomes seemingly less absolute loss is endured less as we strive for mastery of all things pondered until Imortality where we are reaquainted with our losses with perfection that we may see our flaws and the epiphanies in there greatness and never suffer lose again.  When you give somthing everything you have and leave nothing out or off and still lose; then there is no fault, it is fate.  At this point becomes a choice, to have serenity and accept that which you can not change or too remain defeated and traped in time.  Living out your life in defeat to the slippery spirit of language that binds the minds of those that believes its just required to live and not a muscle like the rest of the body.  I encourage all to never accept loss that is not fate such as death but even that can not be so absolute with the acceptance of metaphysics.  So understand what you love and love to understand all things related.  Seek wisdom as a woman with great beauty she poseeses all things with power wisdom, knowlede, understanding, equity, love and faith these things are the begining of knowing the wisdom and power of God.  Knowledge is power seek it above all things, without it you can never understand the depth or value of power to be had.  Never Miss!!!
-->
- 📫 Please feel free to email me with any questions, ideas, comments, or (any ladies that  wanna chat-💞️-please feel free...wooof! lol) or anything that pertains to information here within.  Philisophical views/ideas or donations  Email me at:
- <center>admin@trickumenterprise.com</center>
- Partnerships are intertaned as well as sponsership.
Trickum Enterprises is a very small, up and coming business management firm.  We are using githubs large network base to boost exposure the businesses we will be managing.  Also we feel that this is the perfect place to build and launch a new and revelutionary trading platform that we are working on day and night, G-Files.  We now manage 2 successful and prosperous companies, the public conglamerate corporation PHONES DRONES MACS & MORE, PHON; and there new affiliate branch D.B.A. PDM Repair.  Find PHON on the exchange for investing opertunities for a high risk investment with promonent potential.  Also there world sourced business profile by Duns & Bradshaw.  As we move further into the future we hope that we see more businesses like theres and you see more of Trickum Enterprises L.L.C.  Also for mobile phone repair shops if your looking to lower cost in inventory and capitol on demand be on the watch for our next business opening,  Glass House Supply Co., a mobile device import wholsale provider; will soon be opening up and supplying local to Atlant, GA. and metro surrounding areas.  Keep watching and following our progress at Trickum Enterprises and Thanks to all of our sponsers that help to make everything possible.
<br>There are many things in the works many parts in motion and you can watch it unfold here on get hub and at the its home domain <a href="https://trickumenterprise.com">https://trickumenterprise.com</a> as the evolution becomes real!!!  Stick around and follow us to see it all go down and <br> <center>Get your F#$!%"in Game on!!!</center>

<iframe src="https://github.com/sponsors/TrickumEnterprises/button" title="Sponsor TrickumEnterprises" height="35" width="116" style="border: 0;"></iframe>

<!---
TrickumEnterprises/TrickumEnterprises is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
